I can't see what's going on mysteriously
big brother
Hey, it's not Su Mingzhe.
Don't let us touch my sister
I'm so happy
younger sister
If you are looking for a boyfriend in the future, don't look for my brother.
Why aren't you leaving yet?
Didn't the company call you?
Sister and brother are leaving first, see you later, bye
Brother, why are you here?
Second uncle scared you two days ago, right?
Is it okay?
Check the trunk.
Do you like it?
Well, that's it. You're broke.
You shouldn't.
You are not claiming
Su Mingzhe, who is invincible all over the world?
How can you be so poor?
girl
It's great to see these roses
Why are you reacting like this?
Have I received less words since I was a child?
Besides, you are Su Mingzhe
How can you only give flowers as gifts to girls?
That one?